Fix bug where unexpected queuing occurs in qml.ctrl among other functions (#6474)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.39.0.md

* Fixes a bug where `default.tensor` raises an error when applying `Identity`/`GlobalPhase` on no wires, and `PauliRot`/`MultiRZ` on a single wire.
  [(#6448)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6448)

> * Fixes a bug where `qml.ctrl` and `qml.adjoint` queued extra operators if they were defined as the arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where applying `qml.ctrl` and `qml.adjoint` on an operator type instead of an operator instance results in extra operators in the queue.
```
